

----
##### The core purpose of The University of Texas at Austin is to Transform Lives for the Benefit of Society. Please share how you believe your experience at UT-Austin will prepare you to “Change the World” after you graduate.
----

Resources: [[bioECE]], [[Center for Emerging Imaging Technologies]], [UT Faculty Directory](https://www.ece.utexas.edu/people/faculty), [[Research Groups]], [[UT Essay Notes]]

	During the summer before my senior year, I attended a Harvard Medical School program called Moonshot. The program was focused on combining the medical field with the engineering and computer science fields to foster new ideas and innovative healthcare solutions. Each team in the program was given the task of inventing a solution to better treat non-small cell lung cancer through the use of a bronchoscope. Through this program, I was able to gain insight into the workings of the medical field through tours of hospitals and cancer research labs. I was also able to take a look at the frontier of our generation's medical technologies, such as the DaVinchi surgical robot and a new bronchoscope prototype being developed with the help of Canon. This grew my interest in the technological side of things regarding the medical field. As I learn more about electrical engineering and the various applications it has, I aim to help push the current medical technologies to the next level, leading to affordable robots, increased ease of use, and better results for the patients. 
	In UT, I hope to eventually join a few research groups that meet my interests, escpecially those in the bioECE and integrated circuit research areas. Research groups such as Texas Robotics and the Electromagnetic Medical Technologies lab pique my interest due to their applications in the medical field, as robotics plays one of the biggest roles in both diagnosis and treatment. Additionally, I plan to eventually study under or join various professors in their classes and research, such as assistant professor Shwetadwip Chowdhury, who has worked on improving the medical field by developing next generation optical imaging technologies. He has already co-authored a publication on solving a challenge in computational optics: obtaining high resolution image scattering samples. By joining groups, research, and studying under professors related to EE the medical field, I hope to gain the skills needed to make an impact on the medical industry and improve the lives of many. 
	