1. N/A
2. Perseverance: Sticking with cross country, one of the most intense sports, running through heat and cold, rain and wind. Enduring in the face of failure and setback; not making swim team, turning that into motivation to make a team, leading to cross country. This has carried to my academics, where I persevere through difficult classes and am not disheartened when I don't do well. Rather, I take failure and setbacks as learning experiences and use that to push forwards. 
3. Favorite Memories:
	1. Attending a computer club competition hosted by Plano West: I have always loved computer competitions, but attending one hosted by my school was a different experience. Being able to see so many people gathering for a competition in somewhere I was familiar with felt nice. The competition itself was also very fun, as we had input in coming up with the theme and questions that would be used in the competition. Seeing our hard work being displayed and enjoyed was delightful. 
	2. Creating a circuit board in engineering class: This was my first step into the field of electrical engineering. I had never learned about circuits before, but once I learned the inner workings and how to build a circuit board, I was hooked. Figuring out how to align the wires and switches and lights to create a working circuit board was very fun, and it lead to growing my interest in the electrical engineering field. 
4. Favorite Quote: "A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step": I found this quote to be very meaningful and have applied it into my life. There were many times in my life where I had no idea what do to to solve a problem or approach a seemingly impossible goal. However, this quote has become my life motto, and what I strive to employ. Instead of looking at the whole problem, which is infinitely daunting, I broke the problem into steps. I took one step at a time, little by little, turning a impossible task into a possible one. This has affected my outlook on life in general. When my goals seem too hard or far, I take a step back and look at the first step of the process. I focus on each step, instead of the final goal. This way, I am not overwhelmed by the magnitude of the task at hand. 
5. My intended major is Electrical Engineering. Ten years from now, I envision myself leading a team of engineers in a cutting-edge technology firm, driving advancements in sustainable energy solutions and improving technologies in the medical field. I aspire to merge my technical expertise with a passion for addressing global challenges, ensuring that the innovations we create not only push the boundaries of what's possible in electrical engineering but also contribute meaningfully to a more sustainable and interconnected world.
6.  Characteristic: Perseverance. 
Story:
	
	With a crash, I fell from my pull-up bar. A sharp, burning pain shot from my shoulder through my entire body. I gasped in pain, unable to make out my surroundings. As I was floating in and out of consciousness, I heard the faint wails of a siren, signaling the arrival of the ambulance. Two men rushed through the front door and lifted me up onto a stretcher, and carried me out, half-conscious, into the frigid winter air. When I came to, I was in a hospital bed, staring up at the bright white fluorescent lights. The doctors would inform me that I had broken my collarbone, leaving me inactive for months to come. 
	
	Athletics has been an integral part of my life since I was young. The adrenaline rush from scoring a goal and winning a game is one of the best feelings out there. Pushing yourself and breaking your limits has been what I strived for. As I entered high school, one of my goals was to join an athletics group. Having a team to train and compete with is the best environment for fostering improvement and growth. Having been swimming for the past few years, I attempted the tryouts for my high school swimming team. Unfortunately, I had fallen just short of the time required to join the team, leaving me devastated but also determined. I was more motivated than ever to make it into a team. Turning my attention to cross country, I began attending all of their fall training, trying out different events until I found one I felt good in, the shotput. After practicing all semester, I nervously participated in and passed the tryouts. I was in!  I was so excited about my results that I started swinging from my pull-up bar but fell and broke my collarbone, ending my short track experience. 
	
	However, I was determined to still join a team. After I had mostly healed, I went to the head coach to ask and see if I could rejoin. Due to my collarbone injury, however, I joined cross country instead of continuing track and shotput. Cross-country is very tough. Having to wake up at 5:30 and running for miles no matter the weather is no walk in the park. Whether it was windy, raining, or snowing did not matter. Despite the excruciating training, I pushed through and saw myself grow. I was able to run faster, further, and with more ease. Cross country was definitely a daunting challenge, but by pushing through and entering the unknown, I was able to grow myself both mentally and physically.
	
	Overall, my experience with athletics and especially cross country has molded me as a person. The discipline and self-control needed to survive this training has carried over to all other aspects of my life, affecting my school and extracurricular performance. Overcoming cross country, my failures and setbacks, and my injury in sports have taught me never to give up, no matter how bad it seems. Conquering challenges always resulted in my growth. I was never the top runner or performer in any sport I had done, but I kept pushing through and trying. I learned to push myself, not to try and compete with others, but to compete with myself, to beat my old self. 